Azure Service Bus Updates (#5911)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/azure-service-bus-netstandard/lock-renewal/sample.md

- samples/azure-service-bus-netstandard/azure-service-bus-long-running
---

> Note: Starting from version 3 of the Azure Service Bus transport [lock renewal is built-into the transport](/transports/azure-service-bus/configuration.md#lock-renewal) and custom lock renewal is no longer required. This sample will be removed in future versions of the transport.

Author: Honestly I'm not a big fan of our overuse of warnings, that being said I'm also not opposed to make this a warning if you feel that is better.

partial: transactionmode

partial: maxtimeoutinformation

> 1. Message lock renewal is initiated by client code, not the broker. If the request to renew the lock fails after all the SDK built-in retries, the lock won't be renewed, and the message will become unlocked and available for processing by competing consumers. Lock renewal should be treated as best-effort and not as a guaranteed operation.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The client initiates message lock renewal, not the broker. If the request to renew the lock fails after all the SDK built-in retries (.e.g, due to connection loss), the lock won't be renewed, and the message will be made available for processing by competing consumers. Lock renewal should be treated as a best effort, not as a guaranteed operation.
```

Author: Aligns things with the previous suggestion from @lailabougria

snippet: native-message-access

> Obtain the means to renew the lock:

Author: ```suggestion
To renew the lock use:
```
